The proposed project(turtlenet) is a simple, privacy oriented social
network, which demands zero security or technical knowledge on behalf of its
users. In order to ensure security and privacy in the face of nation state
adversaries the system must be unable spy on its users even if it wants to or
server operators intend to.

We feel that obscuring the content of messages isn't enough, because suspicion
may, and often does, fall upon people not for what they say, but to whom they
are speaking\todo{citation needed}. Our system will therefore not merely hide
the content of messages, but the recipient of messages too. Hiding the fact that
an IP address sent a message is out of scope, but hiding which user/keypair did
so is in scope, as is which IP/user/keypair received the message and the content
of the message.

While there exist many tools for hiding what you are saying, relativly few seek
to hide who talks with whom, and those which do often\todo{this REALLY needs
citations} implement it merely as a proxy.\todo{section comparing extant
security systems such as Tor (talk about ssl-strip on exit notes, netowrk
visibility, and node distribution)}

We feel that these tools have significant usability problems, as was recently
made starkly clear when Glenn Greenwald, a reporter for the guardian, was unable
to work with Edward Snowden because he found gpg to be "too annoying" to use.

"Itâ€™s really annoying and complicated, the [email] encryption software" - Glenn
Greenwald \cite{greenwald_annoying}

In light of dissidents utilizing social networking websites such as Facebook and
Twitter to organize protests, we feel that there is a need for an easy to use,
encrypted communications platform with support for real-time and asynchronus
communication between users.
